adding instructions for pipelines (#67)
RedHatInsights/bonfire-tekton: pipelines/README.md

# Integration Test Pipelines

> Follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/bonfire-tekton?tab=readme-ov-file#add-the-integration-test-scenario-to-your-application) for getting setup with one of the following integration test pipelines and then configure it to use one of the pipelines on this page.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/bonfire-tekton?tab=readme-ov-file#add-the-integration-test-scenario-to-your-application) to learn more about setting up integration test pipelines. Depending on your testing needs, the IntegrationTestScenario should be changed to look similar to one of the example configurations below.
```

Reviewer: Let me know if that makes sense ^^^ I am not 100% sure :)

- [Basic](#basic)
- [Basic with no IQE](#basic-with-no-iqe)
- [Frontend Testing Pipeline](#frontend-testing-pipeline) 

## Basic

### Description

TODO: Write description

## Basic with no IQE

### Description

TODO: Write description

## Frontend Testing Pipeline

### Description

> The frontend testing pipeline (fe_testing.yaml) allows app teams to create a custom task at the `.tekton` directory of an application's repository. [Here](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-chrome/tree/master/.tekton/run-tests-tasks.yml) is an example of this custom task.

Reviewer: This link is currently a 404

Author: Yeah waiting on them to merge, sorry, should have mentioned that! https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-chrome/pull/3041

> The frontend testing pipeline (fe_testing.yaml) allows app teams to create a custom task at the `.tekton` directory of an application's repository. [Here](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-chrome/tree/master/.tekton/run-tests-tasks.yml) is an example of this custom task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [frontend testing pipeline](fe_testing.yaml) is used to run a smoke test in the ephemeral environment that tests both frontend and backend components. [Here](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-chrome/tree/master/.tekton/run-tests-tasks.yml) is an example of a frontend component which is using this pipeline.
```

### Instructions

> 1. Follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/bonfire-tekton/blob/main/README.md#add-the-integration-test-scenario-to-your-application) for setting up an integration test pipeline but use the following configuration for the FE testing pipeline: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/bonfire-tekton/blob/main/README.md#add-the-integration-test-scenario-to-your-application) for setting up an integration test pipeline but when it comes time to configure the `IntegrationTestScenario`, use the following configuration:
```

```
---
apiVersion: appstudio.redhat.com/v1beta1
kind: IntegrationTestScenario
metadata:
  labels:
    test.appstudio.openshift.io/optional: "true"
  name: <app name>-bonfire-tekton
  namespace: <workspace name> 
spec:
  application: <app name> 
  resolverRef:
    params:
      - name: url
        value: https://github.com/RedHatInsights/bonfire-tekton.git
      - name: revision
        value: main
      - name: pathInRepo
        value: pipelines/fe_testing.yaml
    resolver: git
  params:
    - name: PROJECT_URL
      value: <github project url> 
    - name: APP_NAME
      value: <app name> 
    - name: COMPONENTS
      value: <app name> 
    - name: BONFIRE_COMPONENT_NAME
      value: <app name> 
    - name: COMPONENT_NAME
      value: ""
    - name: DEPLOY_FRONTENDS
      value: "true"
```

> 2. Create the test task in your Github project within the `.tekton` directory:

Reviewer: What should the name of the file be? I'm also a bit confused because I currently don't see a file with a 'Task' in it within the insights-chrome repo.  Linking directly to an example will help.

Author: Oh good point, let me add the name of the file that it has to be. Also waiting on them to merge this in: https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-chrome/pull/3041

There should be an example of this posted, I will add it here.
